CHECKLIST
-user can create an account
-New accounts must have a username, email and password
-users can log in an log out
-users can create new tweets only if logged in
-users can edit/delete only their own tweets
-users can view others's tweets
-Blank tweets are not saved



Home Page
    controller action to load the home page
    create a view that will link to both a login page and signup page. 
    homepage should respond to a GET request to /.

Tweets Index Page
    create a controller action that will load the tweets index page.
    create a view that will display all tweets for the logged in user and other users
    tweets index page should respond to a GET request to /tweets. 
    If a user is not logged in, it will redirect to /login.


Create Tweet
    two controller actions, 
    load the create tweet form, 
    process the form submission. 
    tweet should be created and saved to the database. 
    The form should be loaded via a GET request to /tweets/new and submitted via a POST to /tweets.

Show Tweet
    controller action that displays the information for a single tweet. 
    respond to a GET request to /tweets/:id.

Edit Tweet
    two controller actions to edit a tweet: 
    load the form to edit,
    update the tweet entry in the database. 
    loaded via a GET request to /tweets/:id/edit. 
    submitted via a POST request to /tweets/:id.
    create an edit link on the tweet show page.

Delete Tweet
    one controller action to delete a tweet. 
    form to delete a tweet should be found on the tweet show page.
    delete form just a submit button.
    submitted via a POST request to tweets/:id/delete.


Sign Up
    two controller actions,
     one to display the user signup and 
     one to process the form submission. T
     he controller action that processes the form submission should create the user and save it to the database.


    The form to sign up should be loaded via a GET request to /signup and submitted via a POST request to /signup.
    The signup action should also log the user in and add the user_id to the sessions hash.
    Make sure you add the Signup link to the home page.


Log In
    two controller actions to process logging in: 
    one to display the form to log in and 
    one to add the user_id to the sessions hash.


    The form to login should be loaded via a GET request to /login and submitted via a POST request to /login.

Log Out
    controller action to process a GET request to /logout to log out. 
    The controller action should clear the session hash, and redirect the user to /login.

Protecting The Views
    You'll need to make sure that no one can create, read, edit or delete any tweets unless they're logged in.

    You'll want to create two helper methods current_user and logged_in?. You'll want to use these helper methods to block content if a user is not logged in.

    It's especially important that a user should not be able to edit or delete the tweets created by a different user. A user can only modify their own tweets.